I write modular code. Modular code allows me to edit in one place rather than editing every line of code with the same function. In this project, I created a file that housed the CRUD functions. Every other file that needs the CRUD functions will call back the CRUD file. Any edits I make to the CRUD file will be implemented in the dashboard automatically. The pros are efficiency and organization. It's much easier to edit modular code as a single edit will affect exactly what it needs to. Non-modular code would require me to edit every line of related code. Writing the functions into their separate files improves the readability of the code as each file will only contain what it needs. 

I approach problems with persistence. I never give up. I utilize my resources. I ask my peers for aid. No matter how tough an assignment is I will eventually find the solution. When I seem to reach an unpassable obstacle I take a breather. I submit a question to the discussion boards or email the instructor directly. I then give it some time, but not long because my mind will not let me drop unanswered questions, and return to work. 

Computer scientists do everything from designing hardware to building software. They research and develop new innovative ways to push the limits of the computing world. My work on this project taught me valuable lessons that would help companies create better software. I've learned to set up, access, and manipulate NoSQL databases. Databases are the backbone of any company that stores and access data, from a retail giant like Walmart to a facility that prepares young drivers for their driver's license test. 
